Game Play
    Should be a 2 player game
        player paddles should be controled by arrow up and down, and W and S.
        paddles shouldent be able to go off of the board area.
        paddles need a hitbox that the ball can interact with.
    What code should constently be checking for
        should be checking for hitbox interactions
        check for if ball has hit the edge of the map behind the paddles.
Visuals
    things on screen
        2 paddles
        1 ball
        midway line
        map background
events and logic
    key events
        check for key events that will move the paddles up and down.
    Interactions/points/gameEnd
        if a ball hits a paddle it should change direction and increse in speed.
        if a ball touches the border of the map behind the paddles the game should- 
        reset and the last player to touch the ball should get the point.
        if the ball touches the top or botom of the map the ball should bounce off- 
        of that surface.
        points will increse by 1 each time someone scores and the inisial score- 
        should be 0 to 0.
        the game ends when one player has reached 11 points.
    point border
        if the ball hits the point border behind the paddles it should increse the- 
        points by 1 and reset the ball into the center of the screen.
    top and bottom border
        if the ball hits this the ball should bounce off of the border.
discriptions
    paddles
        2 paddles that move up and down
        are controled by W and S and up and down arrow.
    1 ball
        should be one ball that starts in the center of the map.
        random number genorator picks a number out of 1 and 2 and depending on- 
        that the ball will move left or right.
        have another random number genorator that picks a number 1 or 2 that will- 
        determine wether the ball will go up or down.
        after the code picks what direction to go up or down it will have another- 
        random number genorator that picks a number between 1 and 45, this will- 
        be the angle that the ball travels at.
        the ball should have a hit box that can interact with the paddles.
        the ball should have an inisial speed and when the players paddle interacts- 
        with the ball it should change direction and increse speed.
    midway line
        one line indicating the mid way line.
    Map
        the map should have a player 1 paddle on the left and a plaer 2 paddle on- 
        the right, it should also have a line down the center indicating the midline.
        the ball should statr in the center of the map.